Practical : 1

Aim: Creating a Forensic Image using FTK Imager/Encase Imager:
CREATE A NEW DISK IMAGE
SELECT CONTENTS OF A FOLDER
BROWSE THE FOLDER
ENTER THE FOLLOWING FIELDS
ENTER DESTINATION
THIS IS HOW THE OUTPUT FILE WILL LOOK LIKE
ADD EVIDENCE
SELECT IMAGE FILE
SELECT OUTPUT FILE 
YOU CAN SEEE THE OUTPUT FILE IN EVIDENCE TREE
 






Practical:2
Aim:
Open win registory editor using run>regedit 
Go to Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\ and create new key
Name this key “StorageDevicePolicies” 
Make New Dword name it “WriteProtect”
Enter Hexa value as 1
THE SPELLING IS VERY IMPORTANT RENAME IF YOU ENTERED WRONG
“StorageDevicePolicies”
“WriteProtect”
 
We can only open the file in the USB drive for reading, but it’s not allowed to modify and
save the changes back to USB drive.
Now Create image of the USB drive using FTK imager
Enter data into the required fields. Select the destination folder.
Image file is created and you can verify it.
 








Practical No – 3
Aim: Forensics Case Study:
- Solve the Case study (image file) provide in lab using Autopsy
Install autopsy software and select new data source, select disk image or utf file
Browse and select the image of the pendrive made by  ftk imager, enter the optional values if needed
Configure ingest elect all options and add data source
On the left hierarchy lookup for deleted files 
Expand it and click on All
Right click on the table view and select Extract files
Select the export folder


Now click on generate  report and select excel report  
Click all results and select finish
 You can view the folders in generated base directory
 
 












Practical:4
					
Aim: Capturing and analyzing network packets using Wireshark (Fundamentals):
- Identification the live network
- Capture Packets
- Analyze the captured packets
1. Open Wireshark
 
 
 
TCP package: search TCP package
 
Analysis  youtube data
Now go on browser and open  youtube and perform some activity on the youtube
Now come back to Wireshark and enter udp contains  youtube  in the search bar.
search  udp contains user: Now go on browser, login in any secured website and Now come back to Wireshark and enter udp contains user in the search bar.

http website: go on browser, login in any unsecured website and Now come back to Wireshark and enter http.request.method==POST  in the search bar.You can view the username and password because it is http website

filter with ip: ip.addr==192.168.0.104

filter udp package with length : udp.length==100
 
Many other filter expression
 









Practical-5
AIM:  Analyze the packets provided in lab and solve the questions using Wireshark : 
- What web server software is used by www.snopes.com? 
- About what cell phone problem is the client concerned?
 - According to Zillow, what instrument will Ryan learn to play?
 - How many web servers are running Apache?
 - What hosts (IP addresses) think that jokes are more entertaining when they are explained?

What webserver is this website using?
 
    
 
ANS- 
Server is Microsoft iis server
About what cell phone problem is the client concerned with?
-Search for a keyword cell in all cell packets using regex 

-frame matches ”(?)cell”
  
 ANS-
Client had searched for cell charge problem
 
 
 
How many webservers?
Into the filter type “ http.server contains "Apache" ” and search. Now click on Statistics – Endpoints.
Move to Ipv4. Check the Limit to display filter at the bottom and you can see that 22 servers are 
running Apach
What hosts think Jokes are more entertaining when they are explained?
 Search in filter: frame matches”(?)jokes”
To begin firstly search the keyword jokes into the filter type “frame matches"(?)jokes"” and click on the 
first row of result. Now move to the second frame, where you will find Hypertext Transfer Protocol 
expand it to see the GET method where you’ll see what query the user has searched for i.e. jokes are
more entertaining when they are explained . The IP address for the same is 173.241.244.99
 
 













Practical:6
Aim: Using Sysinternals tools for Network Tracking and Process Monitoring:
-Check Sysinternals tools
-Monitor Live Processes
-Capture RAM-Capture
-TCP/UDP packets
-Monitor Hard Disk
-Monitor Virtual Memory	
-Monitor Cache Memory

Sysinternal tools
The SysInternals suite of tools is simply a set of Windows applications that can be downloaded for free from their section of the Microsoft Technet web site. They are all portable, which means that not only do you not have to install them, you can stick them on a flash drive and use them from any PC
The Sysinternals tools are divided into six categories: File and Disk Utilities, Networking Utilities, Processes Utilities, Security Utilities, System Information and Miscellaneous Utilities. There are many tools, but the widely known are AutoRuns, Process Monitor, Process Explorer, TCPView and RootkitRevealer.
Tcp -udp packets
Diskmonitoring
  










Practical 7
Aim: Recovering and Inspecting the recovered files.

I) Check for deleted files.
II) Recover the Deleted Files.
Steps:
1) First, create a text file and paste some data in it and store it in a folder.
2) Open AccessData FTK Imager then click on file and select “Create Disk image”.
3) Select source as Content of a folder and click on next.
 
4) Then browse the source evidence that we created previously as a text file then click on finish.
 
5) Enter the evidence item information and click on next.
 
6) Then browse the image destination folder and name the image file and click on finish.
 
7) For creating and image, click on start.
 
8) As we get the result, we can verify by looking at the verify result of both the hashing functions.
 
9) Atlast, we get the status of the creation and we can also view image summary.
 
10) For adding an evidence, select “Add evidence item”. 

11) Select source as image file and click on next. 

12) Then browse the path of the evidence source and click on finish.

13) In the evidence tree we can see the image file that we created.
 


III) Analyzing and inspecting the recovered files.
Perform this using recovery option in ENCASE and also Perform manually through command line.
Steps:
1) Download TestDisk zip file. 

2) Extract the downloaded file in a folder. 

3) In that file, open “photorec_win” application.
 
4) Then select the pen drive that you attached to your PC and proceed.
 
5) Then select the drive with the name of your pen drive and proceed.
 
6) Then select on Other and proceed.
 
7) Select “Whole” for extracting files from whole partition and proceed.
 
8) Then for going to another directory or drive use left arrow key on your keyboard, then select the pen drive to store the deleted data. 
 
9) After reaching the destination, press C key on the keyboard. After that the process will start.
 
10) Atlast, we can see that the files that were deleted are successfully retrieved.
 
























Practical:8
Aim: Acquisition of Cell phones and Mobile devices

MOBILE:
Download and install mobile edit on your android phone and connect to your pc

PC: Pair / connect with your pc using usb, Bluetooth or Wifi,
Then open MobileEdit in your pc 
Find your Device and select next   
Set a Name for your device

Get device Info
 
Get Phonebook Directory
 
Get Files and messages 
 




Practical 9
Aim: Email Forensics 
- Mail Service Providers 
- Email protocols 
- Recovering emails 
- Analyzing email header 	

click Start a new case, and then click OK.
Type case Information and examiner information
Select case log options and all processes to perform

Select these options and add evidence information
New case setup is complete
Export case information
Part2
Launch detached information 
View message headers and body  
  












PRACTICAL 10
Aim :-  Web Browser Forensics 

- Web Browser working 
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge 
Firefox

- Forensics activities on browser 
Go to File Menu > Capture History
Click Next
Give the path of folder in which you want to save your captured data and click on capture
All the captured details are listed below
Downloads 
Searches
Website Visits
Bookmarks

- Cache / Cookies analysis 

Number of cache files and cookies gets captured

- Last Internet activity 

Generating Report
Right Click on the content and click Add to report
 
Go to File menu and then Report>Save as PDF
 
Report gets generated
 
Exporting Report 

Go to File Menu Export > Export to Html

Click on Export


Report gets exported into html
 
Last Internet Activity gets listed below in the exported report
